I need to develop a drag and drop form builder using react. It needs to be developed a component/sdk based solution so I
can easily sell it. There are 2 ways to sell it. 1. I will develop SaaS application where user can create forms 
and use it in their web site and web apps. 2. I will sell complete component/code to website like codecanyon.
It should be developed in a way that can be used in the WordPress website as well. It must have all standard features
of features of form builder. All form fields must be developed in a way so I can easily add new form fields. Develop 
it as plugin model so can be extended easily. We will need api integration option as well. User will provide the api
and required header and everything to connect to API, and based on the api response, it will generate the form automatically.
Each form field will have certain min. properties. Form builder must support different CSS like material UI, simple tailwind
css, or custom css as well.

Complete form and form response needs to be in JSON format.
Example of react based form builder 
1. https://formbuilder.formengine.io/ and documentation for the same https://formengine.io/documentation/(check all pages)
Example of form builder
1.https://www.getformly.com/
2.https://form.io/
3.https://www.typeform.com/
4.https://www.gravityforms.com/


The SDK should provide:
TypeScript support
clean API
documentation
examples
npm package support

We need to develop in a way that it can be used by SaaS/ Web application for database related activities, simple forms
that can be integrated in the websites, and also, as  a react component that can be sold easily.
what I think we can develop it as standard react componenet and then later develop our Saas application, that can be 
used to provide forms to be used in other web applications.

Later I will integrate the AI as well that will generate the forms from the simple language. 
I have put a sample minimal form builder code as well. Please note it is very simple form builder, we will need much more advanced
version of the form builder.

Our forms can be used for following 
1. Capture responses from customer when our users will this form in their website. It will be saved at our end and we will
provide various analytics in our saas app.
2. Email responses when customer submit form. 
3. Connect form to DB to save your data directly to your DB. Generate form using the api.
4. Payment capture
5. Survey, feedback, quizes etc.
6. Various integration like zapier, salesforce, mailchimp, 

I am trying to create combination of many different types of form builders. Please take into account. 
Drag and drop should be smooth like gravityforms. 
We will also need template option so form can be created directly from templates.

Here are the Properties of the form

1. Drag & drop
2. Multistep form
3. Form dialog
4. Success, fail messages
5. Redirect after success & fail, whether to post data or not
6. Every type of HTML elements
7. Multiple CSS support
8. Whether to show form in popup
9. Load form from API response (Auto generate form)
10. Apply filters before & after form response is processed
11. Preload form with data (Add, edit & view mode)
12. Option to email form data
13. RTL support
14. Modal form & on click modal form
15. Validation
16. Settings for Submit & Cancel button
17. Password encryption
18. DB insert option
19. Use of plugins of React
20. Multitab form
21. PDF form output
22. AI form builder